[DOC-10237] Document deletion protection (#18650)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/serverless-cluster-management.md

You can also [back up and restore]({% link cockroachcloud/take-and-restore-customer-owned-backups.md %}) your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster manually. You can take [backups locally]({% link cockroachcloud/take-and-restore-customer-owned-backups.md %}) to [`userfile`](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/use-userfile-storage) or [back up to cloud storage]({% link cockroachcloud/take-and-restore-customer-owned-backups.md %}).

## Enable deletion protection

> To help prevent a cluster from being deleted by mistake, you can enable _deletion protection_. Before a cluster with deletion protection enabled can be deleted, deletion protection must be disabled. A user with permission to delete a cluster can enable deletion protection on the same cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help prevent a cluster from being deleted by mistake, you can enable _deletion protection_. Before you can delete a cluster with deletion protection enabled, you must disable deletion protection. A user with permission to delete a cluster can enable deletion protection on the same cluster.
```

Reviewer: Total suggestion. I found that I had to re-read this phrase a few times "... cluster with deletion protection enabled can be deleted...". It may be that I tripped up on the two past participles. (But that might just be me!)

Reviewer: If you do change this in any way, there is the other instance of it in cluster management.
